2026 0804

some random thoughts about the design of triageRush, as it stands on now.

1. The scoring should be revised to allow a re-scoring of a patient if they are recalled
	and later moved to a different room.  The old scoring, of the original room, should
	be removed and the scoring applied to the newly selected room.

	Why?  we are not trying to punish the player - if they reconsider they should be
	given credit for that.

2. The coaches panel should be available to the player any time there is a patient in the
	patient panel.  When a new patient appears, or when a patient is recalled, the
	coaches panel should be available.

	The coaches panel should be available ONLY when there is a patient in the patient
	panel.  Currently when a patient has been assigned to a room, and the patient panel
	is empty the coach is available, but with this change the coaches panel would NOT
	be available.  The player would need to recall the patient from the room in order
	to see the coaches panel again.

	Why?  To simplify the game actions.  The coaches is always available for a patient,
	the player should not have to wonder why it is, or isn't, available during the game.

3. The coaches panel button can go away.  Just tapping the patient anywhere in the patient
	panel will now bring up the coaches panel.  The behavior of the coaches panel will
	not change - while still evaluating a patient, whether a new patient or a recalled
	patient, the panel will lock the answer.  The clinical section will default to
	collapsed when the game starts, but will remember its last state throughout the
	game - ie. if the player expands the coaches panel to view the clinical section,
	then the clinical panel will remain expanded for future patients, unless the player
	collapses it again.

	Why? There is no need for a button anymore.  Tapping the patient panel at any point,
	when there is a patient being evaluated, is the action.  We can use that button
	real estate better for something else.


4. Should we add some more patients that are Indigenous race?  Or maybe change some of the
	existing patients to that race?  Do we need to?  Right now we have black/white/Asian/
	Hispanic... is that sufficient, or would that be offensive to an native American?

5. Need to fix the readability of the text on the triage room doors.  Has this been done already?

6. Need to work on the pacing of the Rush game.  Perhaps some intermediate quarter and half second
	'ticks' at every 10 seconds?  Until the final 10 seconds when the countdown begins?
	Think about this.

7. The timer options for 'triage mode' should change.  Timer options of 5 min, and 10 min,
	should be available.  Default is 5 minutes.  The timer in the Game page should
	always be counting down, not showing elapsed.

	There should be an audible 'tick' every ten seconds during 'triage' mode. Every minute
	should have a 'tick tick tick', at (for instance) 59 1/2 seconds tick, 59 3/4 seconds tick,
	60 seconds tick.  Repeat that every minute.

	The last ten seconds should be the same as the Rush mode ticks.

8. There should be the audible 'doink' when a new patient is added to the waiting room, which
	means anytime a patient is selected from the waiting room, since a new patient is
	automatically added.  The 'doink' will not sound if the patient is recalled from a
	triage room, only from the waiting room.

9. 'Intern' should be added to the titles options in settings.

10. In Rush mode, occasionally more than one patient can be added, until there are 10 patients in
	the waiting room queue, at which point patients are not additionally added.
	That means that (maybe) when there were four patients in the room and it was time to add one more,
	that TWO more would be added at the next opportunity, with only a very short beat between them.
	The queue and display size will adjust accordingly. The 'doink' sound will sound for each
	new patient, one right after the other (ie. doink, doink).

	Start with a 20% chance of adding two patients.

	This does not alter the behavior of the waiting room queue or appearance of it.  It is
	just adding an additional patient.

	Why? To add some interest in the Rush mode pacing.

11. This is a restatement/change to the overall game presentation:

	a) the old game had two different modes, one for mobile, and one for desktop (or wider
		browsers.  The desktop version expanded to show all three pages (lobby, game, review)
		if space was available.
	b) this will change.  Now there will be only ONE presentation, the mobile version.  It will
		be appear the same regardless of device it is viewed on.  That view will adjust
		to the available screen size - the only difference is that if a larger view is
		available (such as a desktop), it will not completely fill the vertical height, it
		will leave about 10% 'breathing' room above and below the app (ie. between the browser
		controls/url/etc and the top of the app; same on the bottom).
	c) The current mobile demo has this behavior.  I am just restating it make it official.

	d) The new presentation will always require the player to select 'lobby' or 'review' in order
		to view those screens.

12. Currently when the game is in progress the player can supposedly select the Lobby page, or the Review
	page, make acceptable changes, and then return to the game.  

	This will change so that once the game is started the player can either:
		a) quit game, return to the Lobby page
		b) stop game, go immediately to the Review Shift page.

		The Review Shift page will only have an option to 'Return to Lobby', where
		the player can change settings, or start a new shift.

		The Lobby page will allow a change of settings (any change, since the game
		is being restarted), and then the Start Shift button to start the game.

